Phylis meddlers life was a symphony of
spending this one out take the rest
until her husband stopped the music
that's because you never do anything
well then I guess I'm going to do
something right now I prove mom's gonna
be our new troop leader how are you oh
phyllis nefler troop Beverly Hills
no she's changing her style well girls
from Rodeo Drive
[Music]
cookie drives Jamboree thing sounds
fabulous what is a Jamboree from room
service that's what you call one
bathroom for nine people yes the public
service for you in your minute last time
I did this I got more than a pass for it
and from high society do you like people
to call you dictator
dick so high adventure I'm sure it's
very nice to know how to live in the
forest and eat bark you can France these
little princesses through Beverly Hills
all you want but you never really be
real wilderness girl we'll be fine
Shelley Long what an adventure isn't
nature fabulous girl troop Beverly Hills
she's not a baby wood
[Music]
you